[seagulls crying]
WHAT DO WE GOT?JIM GULBRAND,
C.E.O. AND FOUNDER
OF THE SOFTWARE COMPANY
GAIA MATRIX,
WAS REPORTED MISSING BY
HIS LIVE-IN BROTHER YESTERDAY.
LOCAL P.D.
RESPONDED TO THE CALL,
BUT THEY DIDN'T CHECK THE BOAT
UNTIL THIS MORNING.
THEY FOUND BLOOD ON
THE DECK, BUT NO BODY.[Lisbon] WHY IS IT OURS?
THE MARINA
IS PRIVATELY OWNED,
ON LEASE BY
THE CITY OF SAUSALITO.
IT WAS LOCAL P.D.'s DECISION
WHETHER OR NOT TO TAKE THE CASE.
MM, A HIGH-PROFILE
MISSING PERSONS CASE.
I WONDER WHY
THEY WOULDN'T TAKE THAT.
[Rigsby coughing]
YOU COMING?HE'S NOT FEELING WELL.
STOMACH.
I'M FINE.YOU GET ME SICK, I'M GONNA
PUT YOU ON STAKEOUT FOR A MONTH.
[coughs] YES, BOSS.
THIS IS IT?
YEAH.NO SIGN OF STRUGGLE,
NO WEAPON?
NOTHING.WHAT ELSE DO WE KNOW
ABOUT THE VICTIM?
JIM GULBRAND IS
33 YEARS OLD.
HE LIVES HERE IN SAUSALITO,
HAS AN ESTIMATED NET WORTH
OF $100 MILLION.HE'S RICH.
VERY RICH. HE'S ALSO
RECENTLY DIVORCED
FROM ONE
KATHRYN STUBBS-GULBRAND.
DOES THE VICTIM HAVE
A CRIMINAL RECORD?
NO. THE COMPANY HE FOUNDED,
GAIA MATRIX,
WAS UNDER INVESTIGATION
BY THE S.E.C.
FOR SECURITIES VIOLATIONS.
WE'RE GETTING
THE PAPER WORK NOW.
BUT HE WAS FACING HEAVY FINES
AND FEDERAL PRISON TIME.
[groans]
[coughing]
OH, HEY. DO YOU NEED MY HELP
WITH... [groans]
NEVER MIND.
[seagulls cry]
[ship horn blowing in distance]
MAYBE IT'S ALL
JUST AN ELABORATE HOAX.
THAT WOULD EXPLAIN
WHY THERE'S NO BODY.
YOU TAKE A BOAT OUT,
YOU GO MISSING,
EVERYBODY ASSUMES YOU'RE
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN.
[Van Pelt] YOUR BODY AND YOUR
KILLER ARE NEVER FOUND.
THAT'D MAKE PERFECT SENSE.
[sighs]
THIS ONE?NOPE.
NO.HOW ABOUT THIS ONE?
[switch clicks, horn blows]
AH, SORRY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?THERE'S NO USE
IN BEING ANCHORED
WHEN YOU'RE TIED UP
AT THE DOCK.
AH.AH.
AFTER YOU.
[whirring]
[Rigsby coughing]
[heaves]
[Rigsby groans]OH.
[continues groaning]
♪♪
WHEN DID YOU NOTICE
YOUR BROTHER WAS MISSING?JIM AND I TALKED EVERY DAY.
I KNEW SOMETHING WAS WRONG
WHEN HE DIDN'T COME HOME.YOU LIVE HERE WITH YOUR BROTHER?
UH, FOR A FEW MONTHS,
SEMI-TEMPORARILY.
JIM WANTED COMPANY
DURING HIS DIVORCE.
AFTER YOU, BRO.
TELL US ABOUT YOUR BROTHER--
WHO HE ASSOCIATED HE WITH,
WHAT DROVE HIM.
WELL, JIM'S LIFE WAS
GAIA MATRIX.
YEAH. THAT'S THE COMPANY
HE STARTED WITH RICK.
GREEN, UM...
PLATFORM... SOFTWARE.
DON'T ASK ME WHAT THAT IS.
RICK BEING RICK BREGMAN?
[mutters]
RICK AND JIM WERE BEST FRIENDS
FROM GRADE SCHOOL,
AND THEY BUILT A WHOLE EMPIRE
OUT OF OUR PARENTS' GARAGE.
AT THE UH... [chuckles]
AT THE TIME I WAS
TOTALLY BUMMED, YOU KNOW,
'CAUSE I'M LIKE, "DUDE, WHERE
DO I SET UP MY DRUM KIT NOW?"
WELL, LITTLE DID I KNOW.
WHAT ABOUT HIS PERSONAL LIFE?
WAS HE DATING ANYONE?
BROOKE HARPER--
COOL WOMAN...
FOR A PSYCHIATRIST.
OH, SHE'S A PSYCHIATRIST.
[laughs] YEAH.
UH, WORKS
AT THE SAUSALITO REHAB CENTER.
I WAS IN THERE FOR, UM,
REFRESHER COURSE,
AND THAT'S HOW THEY FIRST MET,
WHEN, UM, JIM CAME TO VISIT.
DID YOUR BROTHER AND BROOKE
HAVE ANY ARGUMENTS LATELY?
ANYTHING LIKE THAT?
NO. JIM'S CRAZY ABOUT HER.
HE SAID, UH, SHE'S THE ONLY
WOMAN THAT COULD FIGURE HIM OUT.
[sniffles] I THINK HE WAS
GONNA PROPOSE TO HER.
YOUR BROTHER WAS
RECENTLY DIVORCED, RIGHT?
FROM A, UH,
KATHRYN STUBBS-GULBRAND?
[laughs]
BEST THING HE EVER DID.
THAT WOMAN WAS A...
NIGHTMARE.
HOW SO?
SHE WAS
JUST A GIANT GREED HEAD.
I MEAN, ALL SHE WANTED WAS
A BIGGER HOUSE,
BIGGER BOAT, MORE JEWELRY...
DO YOU, UH, PLAY
ALLTHESE INSTRUMENTS?
UH, KEYBOARDS AND BASS MOSTLY.
IS IT A SORT OF
A NEW-AGE ROCK FUSION?
YEAH.
KINDA... YEAH.
YOU KNOW, WITH AN EDGE?
HOW DID YOU KNOW, MAN?
AH, WILD GUESS.
YOU MAKE MUCH MONEY
DOING THIS?
NO. NO. BUT I'M NOT IN IT
FOR THE MONEY.
YOU KNOW, MUSIC'S A...
IT'S A SPIRITUAL THING.
YEAH, IT IS.
SO IS MONEY.
EVERYTHING THAT EXISTS HAS
A SPIRITUAL ESSENCE
OR NOT AT ALL.
SO WHAT HAPPENS TO ALL THIS?
WHO GETS IT?
A PORTION OF THE ESTATE
WILL GO TO THE CHARITIES
THAT JIM SUPPORTED,
AND THE REST WILL GO TO ME.
AH, MOTIVE.
WHOA! [laughs] CHILL, MAN.
OH, I'M JUST PLAYING.
[chuckles]WHERE WERE YOU FRIDAY NIGHT?
I...
WAS IN BED
WITH A LADY FRIEND...
GRETCHEN SOMETHIN', UM...
NUMBER?
[clicks tongue]
WHOA.
THANK YOU. [chuckles]
[beep]
WHAT DO YOU RECKON?
POSSIBLE. YOU?
NOT SURE.
CHO, WRITE DOWN THIS NUMBER.
GOT IT.
GRETCHEN, NO LAST NAME.
IT'S THE BROTHER'S ALIBI
FOR LAST FRIDAY NIGHT.
HAVE VAN PELT CHECK IT OUT.
You and Rigsby go and talk
to Gulbrand's partner,
RICK BREGMAN.
HE SHOULD BE AT GAIA MATRIX.
ALRIGHT. WILL DO, BOSS.[hangs up receiver]
RIGSBY.
[moans] WHAT?
NEVER MIND.
[coughs]
I'M AGENT CHO.
THIS IS AGENT VAN PELT, CBI.I'M STUART HANSON.
I'LL TAKE YOU TO RICK.RIGHT.
WHAT'S YOUR JOB HERE,
MR. HANSON?
JIM HATES LABELS
AND PIGEONHOLES.
I'M KIND OF
THE SECURITY CHIEF,
BUT THAT SOUNDS SO FASCISTIC,
DOESN'T IT?
WHAT I AM REALLY IS
THE FIREWALLS
AND ENCRYPTIONS
AND OFF-THE-WALL IDEAS GUY.
RICK'S BEEN IN
THE CONFERENCE ROOM ALL MORNING,
DEALING WITH THE FALLOUT
FROM JIM'S DEATH.
HE'S PRETTY BROKEN.
WE ALL ARE.[elevator bell dings]
JIM MEANT SO MUCH
TO THIS COMPANY,
TO ALL OF US.
THE COMPANY IS CO-OWNED
BY YOU AND JIM, IS THAT RIGHT?YES.
HOW DID THAT RELATIONSHIP WORK,
EXACTLY?
JIM WAS THE CREATIVE BRAIN
BEHIND GAIA MATRIX.
HE WAS THE VISIONARY.
I HANDLED THE BUSINESS SIDE.
WE MADE A GOOD TEAM.
YOU KNOW, HE WAS A GENIUS,
BUT HE WASN'T... AGGRESSIVE.
ME, I'M A JOCK...
COMPETITIVE. I LIKE TO WIN,
MAKE NO APOLOGIES FOR IT.
IS THAT WHAT GOT YOU
INTO TROUBLE WITH THE S.E.C.?
UM, MY LAWYERS WARNED ME
THAT THIS MIGHT COME UP.
AND THIS IS ALL I'M PREPARED TO
SAY ON THAT SUBJECT--
I AM CURRENTLY UNDER
INVESTIGATION BY THE S.E.C.
FOR SECURITIES VIOLATIONS DUE
TO MY ROLE HERE AT GAIA MATRIX.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE YOU SAID ANYTHING.
YOU UNDERSTAND WHY I CAN'T
COMMENT ANY FURTHER.
DID THE INVESTIGATION CAUSE ANY
ANIMOSITY BETWEEN YOU AND JIM?
NO.
NOT AT ALL.
WE WERE LIKE BROTHERS.
WHERE WERE YOU
THE NIGHT OF HIS MURDER?HOME... ALONE.
LOOK, YOU'RE NOT GETTING THIS.
JIM WAS THE CREATIVE GENIUS
BEHIND GAIA MATRIX.
WITHOUT HIM, THIS COMPANY IS
IN GRAVE JEOPARDY.
I HAD NOTHING TO GAIN
AND EVERYTHING TO LOSE
BY HIS DEATH.
[Rigsby] DR. HARPER,
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN DATING
JIM GULBRAND?
IT WAS JUST AFTER I TRANSFERRED
HERE FROM BOSTON,
SO SEVEN MONTHS AGO NOW.
HIS... AN ACQUAINTANCE OF HIS
WAS STAYING HERE.
UH, WE HIT IT OFF RIGHT AWAY.
COULD YOU THINK OF ANYONE
WHO, UH... [sniffles]
EXCUSE ME--
MIGHT WANT HIM DEAD?
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT THAT
A LOT THIS MORNING,
AND...
I CAN'T THINK OF ANYONE.
JIM WAS A KIND, GENTLE,
GENEROUS, BRILLIANT MAN.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
ANYONE BEING CAPABLE
OF DOING SOMETHING
SO AWFUL TO HIM.
REALLY? YOU'RE A PSYCHIATRIST,
AND YOU CAN'T IMAGINE THAT?
TO BE MORE PRECISE,
I CAN'T IMAGINE A RATIONAL
REASON FOR WISHING HIM DEAD.
IT'S, UH, STANDARD
PROCEDURE TO ASK--
WHERE WERE YOU ON
THE NIGHT OF THE MURDER?
I WAS HERE,
FINISHING UP SOME WORK.
IF YOU'D LIKE,
I COULD HAVE THE ADMIN NURSE
SEND OVER THE PAPERWORK
DOCUMENTING MY HOURS.
YEAH, THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL.
THANK YOU.
DO YOU HAVE ANY... LEADS
ON THE INVESTIGATION SO FAR?
OH, I'M SORRY. WE DON'T DISCUSS
OUR PROCESS, MA'AM.
UH, WHEN EXACTLY DID YOU LEARN
OF YOUR BOYFRIEND'S MURDER?
IF YOU WANNA KNOW
WHY I'M AT WORK
THE SAME DAY MY
BOYFRIEND IS FOUND DEAD,
WHY DON'T YOU JUST ASK ME?
OKAY.
UH, WHY ARE YOU AT WORK
THE SAME DAY
YOUR BOYFRIEND IS FOUND DEAD?
I HAVE PATIENTS
WHO NEED ME.
AND IF I HAD
TO SIT AT HOME
AND ACTUALLY THINK
ABOUT JIM BEING... GONE...
I'D LOSE IT.
BEING HERE,
WHETHER IT...
LOOKS GOOD TO YOU OR NOT,
IS THE ONLY WAY
I KNOW HOW TO COPE.
OOH.
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?YEAH, I'M OKAY.
UH, NO.
HE'S--HE'S BEEN QUITE SICK.
WELL, LET ME HAVE
A LOOK AT YOU.
I'M FINE.
FEVER.
NAUSEA? COUGHING?
OH, YEAH.FLU.
I'M NOT REALLY
SUPPOSED TO DO THIS,
BUT IF YOU WANT, I CAN WRITE
A PRESCRIPTION FOR AN ANTIVIRAL.
UH, SURE.
[clicks pen]
[scribbles]
HAVE THIS FILLED AND...
YOU WILL FEEL BETTER
IN NO TIME.[tears paper]
UH, SURE. THANKS.
[sniffles] THANK YOU.
ANY WORD FROM
GULBRAND'S PARTNER?NOT MUCH IN THE WAY OF MOTIVE,
BUT HE DOESN'T HAVE
AN ALIBI FOR THE NIGHT.
[Van Pelt] GULBRAND'S
BROTHER, CHECKED OUT.
A GRETCHEN MOORE SAYS HE WAS
WITH HER THAT NIGHT.
ROOMMATE BACKS UP THE STORY.
[coughs]ARE YOU STILL SICK?
[moans]
MAN, GO SEE A DOCTOR.
I DID. THE DEAD GUY'S GIRLFRIEND
WROTE ME A PRESCRIPTION.
SO GO FILL IT.NAH. BY THE TIME I TAKE IT,
I'LL BE BETTER.
WHAT'D SHE GIVE YOU ANYWAY?
UGH. [coughs]
"OSELTAMIVIR PHOSPHATE."
MAY I SEE THAT?
THANK YOU.
ANYTHING ABOUT THIS
STRIKE YOU AS ODD?
WHAT'S ODD ABOUT IT?
"OSELTAMIVIR PHOSPHATE."
EXACTLY. YOU CAN READ IT.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW A DOCTOR'S HANDWRITING
THAT YOU COULD READ?
SO SHE'S PRECISE.
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE IMPLYING?
YES, AND THE POSSIBILITY
THAT DR. BROOKE HARPER
IS NOT A DOCTOR.
BECAUSE SHE HAS
PENMANSHIP SKILLS?
AND SHE DOESN'T HAVE
THAT COLD, CREEPY, DOCTOR-Y VIBE
THEY ALL HAVE.BE FAIR. NOT ALL DOCTORS
ARE COLD AND CREEPY.
FIRST DAY OF MEDICAL SCHOOL,
THEY GET A STACK OF BOOKS
AND A DEAD HUMAN BEING--THAT,
I'M AFRAID, WILL CHANGE YOU,
BROOKE HARPER
WAS WARM AND EMOTIONAL.
YOU LIKE HER,
SO SHE CAN'T BE A DOCTOR.
PRETTY MUCH.
THE A.M.A. AND BOSTON GENERAL
BOTH HAVE RECORDS
OF A DOCTOR NAMED BROOKE HARPER.
SEE?
BUT IT SAYS HERE
THAT SHE'S 64 YEARS OLD.
WOW.
SHE LOOKS PRETTY GOOD.
IS THERE A WORD
FOR UNCANNY AND IRRITATING?
JEFF, I'M GONNA BE
LEAVING THE CLINIC SHORTLY,
SO THIS IS GONNA BE
OUR LAST SESSION TOGETHER.
OH. OH, NO, NO, NO.
I-I-I NEED YOU, DR. HARPER.
HOW WILL I MANAGE WITHOUT YOU?
I'M SORRY, JEFF. I HAVE
ENJOYED OUR SESSIONS TOGETHER,
BUT I'M SURE THE CLINIC
WILL PROVIDE YOU
WITH THE BEST CARE POSSIBLE.OH, BUT--
SHOULD YOU EVER NEED
TO SPEAK WITH
ME PERSONALLY...
HERE'S MY PRIVATE NUMBER.
I'M VERY SORRY TO INTERRUPT,
DR. HARPER,
BUT THE CBI ARE HERE,
THEY NEED TO SPEAK WITH YOU.
TELL THEM I'LL BE WITH
THEM IN TEN MINUTES.
THEY SAID THEY NEED
TO SPEAK WITH YOU NOW,
THIS MOMENT,
AND THEY ARE MOST INSISTENT.
TELL THEM I'LL BE RIGHT OUT,
MAGGIE. THANK YOU.
I MEAN, I JUST...
[sighs]
I FEEL LIKE I'M ON THE VERGE
OF A REAL BREAKTHROUGH. I...
I'M STARTING TO OPEN
MYSELF UP AGAIN TO PEOPLE
IN A REAL WAY.
MY INNER CHILD IS
FINALLY EMERGING.
D--
DR. HARPER?
HEY..
[sighs]
[tires peal]
DAMN.LET'S GO.
UM...
ALL I WAS ABLE TO FIND AT
DR. BROOKE HARPER'S APARTMENT.
BANK ACCOUNT EMPTIED,
CREDIT CARDS MAXED OUT.
SHE MUST HAVE BEEN PACKED
AND READY TO LEAVE DAYS AGO.
HER SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
AND MEDICAL LICENSE
ARE FAKES, TOO. WE HAVE
NO IDEA WHO THIS WOMAN IS.
WELL, WE KNOW THAT SHE'S SMART.
SHE POSED AS A DOCTOR
FOR SEVEN MONTHS,
MANAGED TO ELUDE
YOU AND RIGSBY.
NO, SHE HAD A HEAD START.
SHE DIDN'T ELUDE US.
ALRIGHT, SHE ELUDED US.
WELL, SHE'S A PROFESSIONAL
CONWOMAN.
I MEAN, SHE PROBABLY
SPECIALIZES IN THE SEDUCTION
OF RICH AND SUCCESSFUL,
SOCIALLY AWKWARD MEN.
YOU THINK
SHE'S DONE THIS BEFORE?OH, YES, MANY TIMES.
WHY KILL JIM GULBRAND?MAYBE HE FOUND OUT
THE TRUTH ABOUT HER.
THEN WHY NOT JUST VANISH?GOOD MORNING.
MORNING.I'VE BEEN GOING THROUGH
GULBRAND'S FINANCIAL RECORDS
AND FOUND SOMETHING INTERESTING.
LAST YEAR, GULBRAND MADE
A SERIES OF CASH WITHDRAWALS
FROM VARIOUS ACCOUNTS,
TOTALING $10 MILLION.
WHAT'D HE SPEND THE MONEY ON?
THAT'S JUST IT.
HE DIDN'T DEPOSIT IT,
AND IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
HE SPENT IT.
SO EITHER HE PAID SOMEBODY OFF
OR HE HID THE MONEY--
A CASH NEST EGG--EITHER
FROM HIS EX-WIFE OR THE S.E.C.
MAYBE THAT'S
WHAT BROOKE HARPER WAS AFTER.
IF ONLY WE KNEW WHO
OR WHERE SHE WAS.
WE KNOW THAT SHE'S COOL,
SHE'S FEARLESS,
SHE'S SYSTEMATIC.
SHE WENT BACK TO
THE CLINIC FOR AN EXTRA DAY
TO TRY AND HOOK
ANOTHER SUCKER.
SHE'S A PLANNER.
COULD WE GET A COPY OF
HER LAST CREDIT CARD STATEMENT?
I CAN GET IT.
AND THEY HAD THE NERVE
TO SEND ME A GOLD MERCEDES
INSTEAD OF A BLACK ONE,
AND SO I SENT IT BACK.KATHRYN GULBRAND?
KATHRYN STUBBS-GULBRAND,
AND YOU'RE INTERRUPTING.
MA'AM, WE HAVE A FEW
QUESTIONS REGARDING
YOUR EX-HUSBAND'S DEATH.
REALLY? YOU WANT
TO TALK TO ME NOW?
OR WE CAN TALK TO YOU
AT THE STATION, IF YOU PREFER.FINE.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, LADIES.
MM. [sniffles]
HOW LONG HAD YOU
AND JIM GULBRAND BEEN DIVORCED?
14 MONTHS--
THAT'S WHEN I MOVED OUT.
THE DIVORCE WAS FINAL
A YEAR AGO.WERE YOU ANGRY?
OF COURSE I WAS ANGRY. THAT'S
USUALLY WHY PEOPLE GET DIVORCED.
COURT DOCUMENTS INDICATE
THAT YOU SUED YOUR EX-HUSBAND
ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS.
YOU BET YOUR ASS I DID.
JIM CLAIMED THE MONEY
THAT HE HAD
IN GAIA MATRIX STOCK
WASN'T ACTUALLY HIS,
BUT PART OF
THE COMPANY'S CAPITAL.
I DISAGREED, AND I WON.
I GOT EVERYTHING
I WANTED AND MORE.[coughs]
WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THAT YOUR EX-HUSBAND
MAY HAVE HIDDEN MONEY FROM YOU
DURING THE DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
WHAT?
HE MADE $10 MILLION
IN CASH WITHDRAWALS LAST YEAR.
YOU WEREN'T AWARE OF THAT?
THAT SON OF A BITCH.
I KNEW IT.
I KNEW HE WAS HOLDING OUT.
THAT WASN'T A DAMN
GYM LOCKER KEY, WAS IT?WHAT KEY?
LAST YEAR HE STARTED WEARING
THIS KEY AROUND HIS NECK.
I ASKED HIM, HE SAID THAT
IT WAS HIS GYM LOCKER KEY.
BUT I KNEW IT WASN'T.
I KNEW IT.[under breath] HOW PERCEPTIVE.
WHAT WAS THAT?OH, NOTHING, MA'AM.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE MONEY?
IF I DID, IT WOULD
BE MINE RIGHT NOW.
WHERE IS IT?WE DON'T KNOW.
WELL, HALF THAT
MONEY'S LEGALLY MINE.
I DON'T WANT JIM'S LOSER
BROTHER GETTING HIS HANDS ON IT.
YOUR PROBATE JUDGE
WILL TAKE CARE OF IT.
LAST FRIDAY, THE, UH, NIGHT
OF YOUR EX-HUSBAND'S MURDER,
WHERE WERE YOU
FROM 7:00 THROUGH 10:00 P.M.?
I WAS AT A WINE TASTING
IN NAPA.
COULD YOU CONFIRM THAT FOR US?CAN YOU PEOPLE CHARGE ME
WITH ANY CRIME?
UH, NO, BUT--UH, NO, YOU CAN'T.
MAYBE THEN I'LL TELL YOU
THE DETAILS OF
MY PERSONAL LIFE.
UNTIL THEN,
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS.
[sniffles]
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH OUR LIAISON AT THE S.E.C.
TURNS OUT JIM GULBRAND
WAS COOPERATING
WITH THEIR INVESTIGATION.
RICK BREGMAN NEVER
MENTIONED IT.
MAKE SURE YOU MENTION IT
TO HIM. WHAT'S THIS?
BROOKE HARPER ONLY USED
A CREDIT CARD TWICE
IN THE LAST TWO WEEKS.
THIS IS WHAT SHE BOUGHT IN ONE
DAY OF SHOPPING NINE DAYS AGO,
AND THIS IS WHAT
SHE BOUGHT YESTERDAY.
NOW WHAT DO THESE
THINGS TELL US?
THAT'S A WIG, BY THE WAY.
WHAT'S THAT ON THE, UH,
BOTTOM RIGHT?BANDAGE.
IT DOESN'T
LOOK LIKE A BANDAGE.IT'S A BANDAGE.
WHAT DO THESE THINGS TELL YOU?SHE WANTED
TO POSE AS A MAN?
RIGHT.BUT WHY?
AND WHAT'S THAT OTHER STUFF?
WELL,
THAT'S--THAT'S THE PUZZLE.
IS THAT KATHRYN STUBBS?
SHE'S...
SHE'S AN UNHAPPY PERSON.
WHERE'S RIGSBY?HE WENT TO GET HIS
PRESCRIPTION FILLED.
I THINK THAT KATHRYN WOMAN
ACTUALLY MADE HIM WORSE.
SHE'S HIDING SOMETHING, TOO.
SHE WOULDN'T SAY WHO
SHE WAS WITH THAT NIGHT.
KEEP AN EYE ON HER.INTERESTING.
SHE DID TELL US THAT GULBRAND
WORE A KEY AROUND HIS NECK,
THAT HE SAID
IT WAS FOR HIS GYM LOCKER.
ONLY THERE WASN'T A KEY
FOUND ON THE BODY, RIGHT?NO.
AHA! SHE TOOK HIS KEY.
THAT'S WHY SHE
DRESSED AS A MAN,
SO THAT SHE COULD GET
INTO HIS LOCKER
IN THE MEN'S CHANGING ROOM
OF THE GYM.
BUT IF SHE FOUND
JIM'S MILLIONS,
THEN SHE WOULD'VE
SIMPLY VANISHED.
WHY STICK AROUND?
BECAUSE THE MONEY
WASN'T IN THE LOCKER.
EXACTLY. SHE'S NOW TRYING
TO GET INSIDE SOMEWHERE ELSE.
[car engine idling]
[Jane] THANK YOU.[woman] GOOD AFTERNOON.
MAY I HELP YOU?
YEAH. I'M JIM GULBRAND.
I'M A MEMBER HERE.
UH, SIR?
I-I KNOW MR. GULBRAND WELL,
AND YOU ARE NOT HE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M JUST CONFIRMING THAT
JIM'S A MEMBER HERE.
WHY NOT JUST ASK?GO AHEAD. ASK HIM.
IS JIM GULBRAND A MEMBER HERE?I'M SORRY, SIR. WE DON'T
DIVULGE MEMBERSHIP DETAILS.
SEE?THIS IS A MURDER INVESTIGATION.
MR. GULBRAND IS DEAD.
WELL, I'M VERY SORRY
TO HEAR THAT.WELL, THANKS FOR YOUR HELP.
OH, SIR. SIR, THIS--
THIS IS A PRIVATE CLUB.
WHAT I'M LEARNING--
WHICH IS GOOD FOR OUR THEORY--
IS ONE CAN'T JUST WANDER
IN HERE AND HANG OUT.
ONE NEEDS A PLAN.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO TAKE A LOOK AROUND.THAT'S NOT OUR POLICY, SIR.
IF WE HAVE TO OBTAIN
WITH A WARRANT,
WE'LL TAKE EVERY COMPUTER
AND EVERY PIECE OF PAPER
IN THIS BUILDING,
THEN WE'RE GONNA SIT-DOWN
AND CHAT WITH EACH ONE
OF YOUR MEMBERS.
WELCOME TO THE BACKGAMMON CLUB.
THANK YOU.THANK YOU.
[indistinct conversations]
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT IS SHE DOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE SHE LIKES THE WATER.
ARE YOU FEELING BETTER?
[mouth full] YEAH, MUCH.
IT'S WEIRD.
I KNOW BROOKE HARPER'S
NOT A REAL DOCTOR, BUT WHATEVER
SHE GAVE ME REALLY WORKED.
GOOD. I WAS GETTING
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
YEAH.
HERE.
OH. THANKS.
GRACE?
I'VE BEEN THINKING
THAT MAYBE--HERE WE GO.
RICK BREGMAN.
HMM.
THE BEST FRIEND
AND BUSINESS PARTNER.
AND LOVER OF THE EX-WIFE.
HMM. APPARENTLY.
MM.
[dice roll][Jane] DOUBLE?
NO. YOU WIN.[chuckles]
OUTRAGEOUS LUCK YOU HAVE, NO?
YOU ARE A MONSTER.
WHAT IS IT NOW?
WHAT IS IT?$20,000.
$20,000.I MUST HAVE MY REVENGE.
WELL, IF YOU INSIST.
JANE.WHAT?
SHOULD I SPELL IT OUT?WE'RE JUST HAVING FUN.
ABSOLUTELY.THE FIRST PRINCE
I'VE EVER MET.
HOW SWEET.THANK YOU.
[rolls dice]THERE SHE BLOWS.
UH, PRINCE, UH, CAN I BE EXCUSED
FROM THIS GAME?
MY DATE JUST ARRIVED.
OF COURSE.
MAYBE THAT'S LUCKY
FOR ME, EH?
PROBABLY.[chuckles]
$20,000?MM-HMM.
ENJOY.
HEY, LISTEN. JUST, UH,
JUST FORGET ABOUT THAT, OKAY?
CERTAINLY NOT.
YOU WON FAIR AND SQUARE.
WELL, ACTUALLY, I CHEATED.
UH, I CONTROLLED THE DICE.
[rolls dice]
IT'S IN THE WRIST,
JUST IN THE WRIST.
[rolls dice]
PLEASE DON'T BE OFFENDED.
I'D TAKE THE MONEY
FOR A WORTHY CAUSE,
BUT MY FRIEND HERE IS A MORALIST
OF CHILDISH SIMPLICITY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
[Jane] HELLO, GORGEOUS.BEAT IT, CREEP.
I'D CALL YOU BY YOUR REAL NAME,
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS.
OH.
HELLO, MR. JANE.HI.
I'M IMPRESSED.
WELL DONE.
OH, FOR FINDING YOU?
IT WASN'T THAT DIFFICULT.
WOULD YOU HAVE A CIGAR?
AH, THANK YOU, NO.
I HEAR THEY'RE NOT SO GOOD
FOR YOUR HEALTH.
WELL, WHO WANTS TO LIVE FOREVER?
IT'D BE HORRIBLE, WOULDN'T IT?
IMMORTALITY?
IMAGINE THE BOREDOM.
MY FRIEND CHO HERE WILL NOW
TAKE YOU BY THE WRISTS
SO AS NOT TO LET YOU
ESCAPE US AGAIN.
HI.MM. WARM HANDS.
AH, I BET YOU SAY THAT
TO ALL YOUR ARRESTING OFFICERS.
WHO ARE YOU, BROOKE?HOW DID YOU FIND ME?
LET'S MAKE A DEAL.
I'LL TELL YOU HOW WE FOUND YOU
IF YOU TELL US WHO YOU ARE.
OKAY. [British accent]
MY NAME IS ANGELA DALIBAR,
AND I'M FROM BIRMINGHAM,
ENGLAND, BY WAY OF HONG KONG.
HOW DID YOU FIND ME?
I PLANTED A G.P.S. TRACKING
DEVICE ON YOU.
OUTSTANDING TECHNOLOGY.
NO BIGGER THAN A STICK OF GUM.
CAN YOU TELL US MORE
ABOUT YOURSELF, ANGELA?
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
A PROFESSIONAL CONWOMAN?ALL MY LIFE, I SUPPOSE.
[normal voice] AND I CONFESS,
MY NAME'S NOT REALLY ANGELA.
AND I DIDN'T PLANT
A G.P.S. TRACKING DEVICE ON YOU.
HOW THEN?
MAYBE YOU'RE NOT
AS ENIGMATIC AND ELUSIVE
AS YOU THINK YOU ARE.I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE
OF THAT.
NO?
YOU MANIPULATE PEOPLE BECAUSE
YOU TAKE PLEASURE IN IT.
YOU ENJOY BEING
THE SMARTEST PERSON IN THE ROOM.
YOU'RE INTERESTED IN MONEY,
OF COURSE,
BUT ONLY SO FAR AS IT ALLOWS YOU
TO CONTINUE CONNING PEOPLE.
YOU ALLOW YOURSELF
ONE INDULGENCE--
NOT MEN, OBVIOUSLY.
NOT DRINKING OR DRUGS,
BECAUSE YOU FEAR THAT THEY WILL
IMPAIR YOUR ABILITIES.
YOU MOVE AROUND MUCH
TO HAVE A PET.
SO MY GUESS...
CHOCOLATE.
YOU'RE GOOD.
SO WHY DO YOU DO THIS, BROOKE?
NEGLECTED AS A CHILD?
IS THIS YOUR WAY
OF GETTING ATTENTION?
OR IS IT SOMETHING
A LITTLE DARKER?
JUST A GENUINE MYSTERY,
I SUPPOSE.
WE HAVE YOUR PRINTS,
WE'LL KNOW WHO YOU ARE SOON.
DO YOU THINK ONE CAN EVER
TRULY KNOW ANOTHER PERSON?
I DOUBT IT.
HOW DO YOU COME TO HAVE
JIM GULBRAND'S KEY?
HE GAVE IT TO ME.DIDN'T TELL YOU
WHAT IT WOULD UNLOCK?
IT WASN'T GIVEN
AS A REAL KEY.
IT WAS A SYMBOL...
OF OUR LOVE.
IT'S THE KEY TO HIS HEART.
YOU SAID "OUR LOVE"
WITH CONVICTION.
SO, YOU'RE SAYING,
YOU LOVED HIM, TOO?
YES, TO MY GREAT SURPRISE.
I DID COME TO LOVE HIM,
IN A WAY.
HE WAS A GOOD, KIND MAN.
SO SWEET.YES, IT IS.
YES, THIS IS ALSO THE KEY TO
A LOCKER THAT HOLDS $10 MILLION.
REALLY? I THOUGHT
IT WAS FOR CIGARS.
I LOVE A GOOD CIGAR.NOPE. $10 MILLION.
BUT THAT'S JUST SILLY.
WHY WOULD JIM KEEP $10 MILLION
IN A LOCKER?
SHE'S GOOD.YEAH, SHE IS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?DUH, LOOKING FOR THE MONEY.
RICK FIGURED MAYBE
THERE WERE SECRET COMPARTMENTS
ON THE BOAT OR SOMETHING.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN SEEING
RICK BREGMAN ROMANTICALLY?ABOUT A YEAR.
YOU WERE DIVORCED FROM
JIM GULBRAND ABOUT A YEAR AGO.
WERE YOU AND RICK INVOLVED WHILE
YOU WERE STILL MARRIED TO JIM?
INVOLVED?
WERE YOU HAVING
SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WITH HIM?
NO. RICK WOULD NEVER
DO THAT TO JIM.
BUT YOU WOULD.
I HAVE NEEDS
JUST LIKE ANYBODY ELSE.
I REFUSE TO BE
ASHAMED OF MY NEEDS.
WHY DID YOU LIE TO US
ABOUT YOUR RELATIONSHIP?
BECAUSE I KNEW
HOW IT WOULD LOOK.
YOU KNEW IT'D MAKE
YOU LOOK GUILTY?
NO. YES.
IT'S JUST...
IT WASN'T JUST THAT.
GAIA MATRIX'S STOCK
HAS BEEN FALLING FOR MONTHS.
THIS MARKET HAS HURT
EVEN THE BEST OF COMPANIES.
THE LAST THING I NEED IS
SOME "PAGE SIX" SEX SCANDAL.
SO YOU MISLED US IN ORDER
TO PROTECT YOUR MONEY.
I MISLED YOU TO PROTECT
THE COMPANY
THAT JIM AND I BUILT.
WERE YOU AWARE
THAT JIM GULBRAND
WAS COOPERATING
WITH S.E.C. INVESTIGATORS?
JIM WOULD NEVER GO
BEHIND MY BACK LIKE THAT.HE WOULD, AND HE DID.
THE QUESTION IS, IF YOU
FOUND OUT, WHAT WOULD
YOU DO TO STOP HIM?
THIS CONVERSATION IS OVER.
WHEN DID YOU FIND OUT ABOUT
THE $10 MILLION HE WAS HIDING?
OVER.
[sighs]
$10 MILLION?
THAT'S A LOT OF MONEY.
OH, YEAH. JIM TRUSTED YOU WITH
THE SECURITY OF HIS COMPANY.
HE VALUED YOUR, UH,
OUTSIDE-THE-BOX THINKING.
YOU ADVISED HIM ON WHAT TO DO
WITH THE MONEY, DIDN'T YOU?
DIDN'T YOU?
WE DON'T CARE
IF HIDING THE MONEY
WAS ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL.
OUR FOCUS IS
THE HOMICIDE INVESTIGATION.
I-IT'S NOT THAT.
IT'S JUST...
I ABSOLUTELY PROMISED JIM
I WOULDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
WE FOUND OUT JIM'S GIRLFRIEND,
BROOKE HARPER, IS A CONWOMAN.
WE THINK SHE WAS
AFTER THE MONEY
AND MIGHT HAVE MURDERED
JIM TO GET IT.
WE FOUND HER,
ALONG WITH THIS KEY,
TRYING TO OPEN GULBRAND'S
CABINET AT THE BACKGAMMON CLUB.
THE KEY DIDN'T WORK.
EVIDENTLY, SHE TOOK IT FROM JIM,
BUT SHE DOESN'T KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS.
WOW. THAT'S SOME LADY.OH, YEAH.
IF YOU HELP US FIND THE MONEY,
WE CAN PROVE THAT BROOKE WAS
LOOKING FOR IT,
AND ESTABLISH A MOTIVE.
[flips key]SO, STUART, DO YOU KNOW
WHERE THE MONEY IS?
NO.
WELL, N-NOT EXACTLY, ANYWAY.
JIM DID COME TO ME FOR SOME
OUT-OF-THE-BOX SECURITY ADVICE.
LIKE YOU SAID, HE WANTED TO HIDE
THE MONEY FROM HIS EX-WIFE.
I TOLD HIM THAT SAFETY DEPOSIT
BOXES AND OFFSHORE ACCOUNTS
COULD BE TRACED RATHER EASILY,
SO THEY WOULDN'T BE OF ANY USE.
SO WHERE'D
YOU TELL HIM TO HIDE IT?OFF THE GRID.
OUT OF
THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS,
ANY PLACE A TRAIL
COULDN'T BE ESTABLISHED.
LIKE A HOME SAFE?NO. ANYTHING ON HIS PROPERTY
IS SUBJECT TO SEARCH.
NO, IT HAD TO BE SECURE--
OBVIOUSLY, HENCE THE KEY--
IT HAD TO BE A PLACE
THAT NO ONE WOULD THINK TO LOOK.
HIDDEN IN PLAIN SIGHT.
YES. BUT THAT'S THE EXTENT
OF MY INVOLVEMENT.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE
HE ACTUALLY HID THE MONEY.OH, YEAH. I SEE.
[key clatters]
OH. [grunts] OOPSY.
YEAH.
DON'T WANT TO GO LOSING THAT,
NOW DO WE? [chuckles]
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF IT?
YOU THINK HE KNOWS
WHERE JIM HID THE MONEY?
I THINK HE KNOWS THE GENERAL
WHEREABOUTS OF THE MONEY,
BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW EXACTLY.
AND THE DEVIL IS
IN THE DETAILS, ISN'T HE?
[Jane clears throat]
[claps hands]HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED.
I'M ALL EARS.
TWO WEEKS AGO,
YOU TOOK THE LOCKER KEY
FROM AROUND JIM'S NECK
WHEN HE WAS SLEEPING
AND REPLACED IT
WITH AN IDENTICAL ONE
SO JIM WAS NONE THE WISER.
THEN WHEN YOU TRIED TO OPEN
THE LOCKER AT THE GYM,
THE KEY DIDN'T FIT.
THE MONEY WAS HIDDEN
SOMEWHERE ELSE, BUT WHERE?
LAST FRIDAY,
YOU GOT IMPATIENT,
AND YOU PUSHED JIM TO TELL YOU
WHERE HE'D HIDDEN THE MONEY.
JIM WOULDN'T TELL YOU.
YOU GOT MAD, AND YOU KILLED HIM.
NO.
YOU PROBABLY DIDN'T DO IT
ON PURPOSE, DID YOU?
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.IT WASN'T.
I DIDN'T DO IT.
SAD THING IS,
WITH ALL YOUR SKILLS,
THE ANSWER WAS RIGHT THERE
IN FRONT OF YOU.[key clatters]
YOU JUST DIDN'T SEE IT.
YOU DIDN'T DO
ENOUGH RESEARCH.
YOU'RE PLAYING ME.
YOU DON'T KNOW EITHER.
JIM'S SECURITY SYSTEMS ARE
ALL DESIGNED BY THE SAME MAN
AT GAIA MATRIX.STUART HANSON.
HIM. HE SUGGESTED
WHERE TO PUT THE MONEY.
YOU COULD'VE SQUEEZED
THE TRUTH OUT OF HIM
VERY SWIFTLY, I IMAGINE--
PUTTY TO A WOMAN LIKE YOU--
BUT INSTEAD,
YOU HAD TO KILL A MAN.
I WOULDN'T DO THAT.
YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
LINDSEY SMITH
FROM SAN DIEGO.
FATHER RYAN, SALESMAN...
MOTHER DEBBIE, HOMEMAKER...
TWO MISS TEEN TEMECULA
COUNTY TITLES. WOW.
VARSITY SOFTBALL...
CHURCH CHOIR SOLOIST.
THEN YOU DISAPPEARED OFF
THE RECORDS FOR A COUPLE YEARS,
AND WHEN YOU CAME BACK,
YOU WERE A CON ARTIST
WITH TWO FRAUD CONVICTIONS.
WHAT HAPPENED?
NOTHING HAPPENED.
I LIKE MONEY,
AND I'M EASILY BORED.
THERE'S GOTTA BE MORE TO IT
THAN THAT.
IT'S A COLD, HARD,
LONELY LIFE YOU LEAD.
WHAT IS IT THAT DRIVES YOU?
PASSION FOR EXCELLENCE.
OKAY.
RELAX A WHILE.
UH, AN AGENT WILL BE IN
HERE TO RUN YOU THROUGH
THE FORMAL CHARGES AGAINST YOU.
RUN AWAY.
GOOD LUCK, LINDSEY.
AND TO YOU.
ANY LUCK WITH HARPER?
THERE'S NO LUCK INVOLVED.
THE OUTCOME'S A GIVEN.
IS THAT SO?
YEAH, IT'S ALL
APPLIED PSYCHOLOGY
AND NEWTONIAN PHYSICS.
EXCUSE ME. MA'AM?
CAN I SEE SOME I.D., PLEASE?
YOU CALL THAT A UNIFORM SHIRT?
IT'S FILTHY.
I TRIED TO CLEAN--FILTHY. NO EXCUSES, STILES.
I WILL ADDRESS THIS MATTER
WITH YOUR CAPTAIN
AT MY EARLIEST CONVENIENCE.
IS SHE ON THE MOVE YET?
SHE MADE ONE STOP AND HASN'T
LEFT HER MOTEL ROOM SINCE.
WHAT'D SHE STOP FOR?CHOCOLATE.
OH, AND, UH, THANK YOU.
FOR WHAT?
FOR JUST LETTING THIS
PLAY OUT LIKE THIS.
WE WOULD'VE HAD TO LET HER
GO ON THE MURDER CHARGE ANYWAY.
NO PROOF TO KEEP HER ON.
AND BESIDES, THIS IS A SIMPLE
PLAN. IT'S WHEN YOU START
GETTING COSTUMES AND PROPS
THAT I GET NERVOUS.
TRICK PLAYS LIKE THIS? MY DAD
CALLS THEM CHEWING GUM PLAYS.
SOMETIMES YOU FOOL
THE OTHER GUY,
AND SOMETIMES YOU JUST GET GUM
IN YOUR HAIR.
SHE'S MOVING.
TRAIN STATION.
IT HAD TO BE
A TRAIN STATION.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THE TRAIN STATION?
PEOPLE, NOISE, TUNNELS, TRAINS,
MORE PEOPLE.[beeps]
HER VEHICLE'S STOPPED
OUTSIDE THE STATION.
[Lisbon] Hold your positions
until I give you the word.
YES, BOSS. STANDING BY.
COPY THAT.
ALL SET.
CHEWING GUM PLAYS.
I CAN ALREADY SEE MY HAIR
WITH A BIG CHUNK OUT OF IT.
YOU'D LOOK GOOD
WITH SHORT HAIR.
CHOPPY--
KIND OF PETER PAN--
GOOD FOR THE EYES.[beep]
OKAY, HEADS-UP. SHE'S IN MOTION,
APPROACHING THE STATION NOW.
CHO, DO YOU HAVE A VISUAL?
AFFIRMATIVE. SHE'S EXITING
THE VEHICLE NOW.
SHE HAS STUART HANSON
WITH HER.
SHE HAS A GUN. BE ADVISED--
BROOKE HARPER IS ARMED.
[indistinct conversations]
[Lisbon] Rigsby, Van Pelt,
what's your status?
I HAVE HARPER
AND HANSON IN SIGHT.
VAN PELT,
SHE'S MOVING YOUR WAY.
GOT 'EM.
LOOKS LIKE SHE'S HEADED TO
THE COMMUTER LOCKERS.
[thud]
IT'S THE GATE.
I'M STUCK.
[lowered voice]
ALRIGHT, DON'T MOVE.
DON'T DO ANYTHING
AND DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
THIS BETTER BE
THE RIGHT PLACE.
SHE OPENED THE LOCKER.
SHE HAS THE MONEY.
OKAY, I--UH, WAIT.
JUST--JUST WAIT A MOMENT.
OH, MY.
DON'T MOVE OR I'LL KILL YOU.
DON'T MOVE!
SH...[crowd gasps]
DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT IT, HANSON.
I GOT HIM. EXCUSE ME.
GUN.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST... AGAIN.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
YOU GOOD?YEAH.
JASON BRADSHAW, JASON WADE,
ANTHONY WADE,
ANTHONY SAMUELS,
THE LIST GOES ON--
ALL ALIASES YOU'VE USED
IN SCAMS RANGING FROM
IDENTITY THEFT TO PONZI SCHEMES.
YOU'RE QUITE THE VIRTUOSO.THANK YOU.
BUT THIS ONE--
THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN
YOUR MOST DARING
AND SUCCESSFUL CRIME YET.
$10 MILLION
OF JIM GULBRAND'S MONEY.
GULBRAND WAS
THE PERFECT MARK--
RICH, LIQUID
AND UNCONVENTIONAL.
I BET HE DIDN'T EVEN CHECK YOUR
REFERENCES WHEN HE HIRED YOU.
NOTHING SAYS TRUSTWORTHY
LIKE A WHEELCHAIR.
YOU CONVINCED GULBRAND
THAT THE TRAIN STATION WAS
A GENIUS PLACE
TO HIDE HIS MONEY.
SCREW ORTHODOX WISDOM.
THINK SIDEWAYS, RIGHT?
RIGHT?
AND HE ATE IT UP.
HE ATE IT UP.
WHY WOULDN'T HE?
THEN YOU SIMPLY NEEDED
TO GET THE KEY.
[Jane] YOU WENT TO THE YACHT
THAT NIGHT
BECAUSE YOU KNEW HE'D BE ALONE.
YOU ALSO KNEW HE KEPT
THE KEY WITH HIM.
YOU DID WHAT NEEDED TO BE DONE.
YOU KILLED JIM GULBRAND.
THEN YOU GOT RID OF THE BODY.
[anchor rattles]
BUT YOU DIDN'T COUNT
ON BROOKE HARPER.
YOU COULDN'T HAVE KNOWN
SHE SWAPPED THE REAL KEY...
WITH A LOOK-ALIKE.
YOU DIDN'T REALIZE
ANYTHING WAS WRONG
UNTIL YOU TRIED
TO OPEN THE LOCKER.
IT WASN'T UNTIL
WE CAME TO GAIA MATRIX
WITH THE REAL KEY...
THAT IT DAWNED ON YOU
WHAT SHE'D DONE.
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE
YOUR SURPRISE.
SIX MONTHS
LIVING IN THAT CHAIR.
SIX MONTHS, AND NO ONE
EVER QUESTIONED ME ABOUT IT.
WHY DID YOU?
WHENEVER I MEET
SOMEONE IN A WHEELCHAIR,
I CHECK THE BOTTOMS
OF THEIR SHOES.
[speaks inaudibly]
THE BOTTOMS OF YOUR SHOES...
WERE SCUFFED.
[chuckles] I'VE BEEN
CHECKING SHOES FOR YEARS.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
IT'S EVER PAID OFF. FIRST TIME.
THAT'S GRATIFYING, MAN.
VERY,VERY GRATIFYING.
YEAH.
OH, HE'S A PISTOL, ISN'T HE?
HEY.
SORRY ABOUT THE CUFFS.
MY OWN FAULT.OH, YEAH.
[clicks tongue] WISH I COULD LET
YOU GO AGAIN, BUT YOU KNOW...
I UNDERSTAND.
THAT URGE YOU HAVE
TO GET ONE OVER ON PEOPLE,
THE NEED TO BE SMARTER
THAN THE NEXT GUY...
IT'LL KEEP BITING YOU
ON THE ASS.
SO MY BUTT'LL HURT
OCCASIONALLY.
I'LL STILL BE SMARTER
THAN THE NEXT GUY.
BROOKE HARPER?
NO, JESSICA WATERS.
TH-THAT'S HARPER RIGHT THERE.
UH, AGENT?
THIS IS HARPER.
WORTH A TRY.OF COURSE.
BROOKE HARPER,
I'M AGENT FRED HAYES.
I'LL BE IN CHARGE
OF TRANSPORTING YOU
TO THE FEDERAL DETENTION
CENTER IN DAVIS.
AH!
LET'S GO.
[lowered voice]
SEE YOU AROUND, PATRICK.
[Fred] I DOUBT YOU'LL
BE SEEING MUCH OF ANYBODY
FOR A FEW YEARS.
OH, I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT,
AGENT HAYES.
SHE'S VERY GOOD
AT WHAT SHE DOES.
[Fred] YEAH.